>> Bianca Gandolfo: So, composing
is when you take two functions and
combine them essentially.
So, in this example,
we have a function called consider and
it's returning and
I think it could be ...name.
And then we have this other method called
exclaim and it just takes a statement and
it turns it into upper case and
adds an exclamation point at the end.
And then we have this function
blame where we compose,
consider and exclaim, so
that it,
when you pass you into this function,
what it does is it first
passes it into exclaim.
We'll turn it into uppercase and
put an exclamation point.
And then it will pass that, whatever's
returned from this into consider and
then it will return at the end,
I think it could be YOU!
>> Speaker 2: And why does it do that?
Why does it start?
Does order not matter?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: On the order,
it does matter.
The order does matter.
>> Speaker 2: Then why is it not starting
with consider and then going to.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It really depends
on how you write the internals of this.
But for underscore,
this is the direction it goes.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
So, it does this and then it does that.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: But it really just
depends on how you write the internals,
it's not, there's no like real
purpose behind it that I'm aware of.
>> Speaker 2: So is kind of like
the opposite of that where you have,
say a function with multiple parts.
It would run only part of it and
then return the parts that hasn't run yet.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So, for currying,
it doesn't return anything.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It kind of just
waits until it gets all of the arguments
and then it runs the function.
So you can imagine that
that curried function,
has in its internal saved a copy
of the original function and
it's just kind of waiting
as you add arguments.
It's accumulating that but keep in mind,
that every time you call a curried
function and it hasn't met all of
the required arguments,
it has to return a function every time,
that's the confusing and
interesting part is how do you every time
make sure that you're returning
a function and also saving that.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So but we'll come
back to all of this and you'll be doing
your excercise with currying and
compose at the very end.
And Professor Plum, like I said,
he is also someone to consider reading
towards the end of the presentation.
So we have one more suspect,
one more topic.
And at the end, we're gonna
figure out who the murderer is.
So there's been clues throughout.
It's okay if you didn't pick up on them.
Either way, I'll tell you the answer.
So.
>> Speaker 2: Or maybe never?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Or maybe never.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Like at
the end it's like, tune in for
the next version of the workshop [LAUGH]
where you'll really know who it is.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH] Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
then the next time,
don't reveal it either.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: This one ends with another
converter instead.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: I like that